INA-7951: Revise Microsoft Teams incident management instructions (#31354)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_management/incident_management/incident_settings/integrations.md

After you do that, go to **[Service Management > Incidents > Settings > Integrations][2]** to configure the Microsoft Teams features for Incident Management.

### Declaring and Managing Incidents in Microsoft Teams

> To declare or manage an incident from a particular team, you must first [add the Datadog application to the team][7].

Reviewer: I think this section might be better served as a list, since you do give a few steps to follow. LMK what you think? 

```suggestion
To declare or manage an incident from a specific team:
1. [Add the Datadog application][7] to the team.
1. Add the **Datadog** tab to any channel in that team. 
1. From this tab, declare incidents and manage existing ones (for example, update fields, impacts, and responders). 
   **Note**:  In an incident channel, the **Datadog** tab automatically shows the incident associated with that channel. 
```

Reviewer: Ah, super helpful clarification! Thanks!

	1. [Add the Datadog application][7] to the team.
	1. Add the **Datadog** tab to any channel in that team. 
	1. From this tab, declare incidents and manage existing ones (for example, update fields, impacts, and responders). 

> 	   **Note**:  In an incident channel, you can only manage the incident associated with that channel. In non-incident channels, you can only declare new incidents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	   **Note**: In an incident channel, you can only manage the incident associated with that channel. In non-incident channels, you can only declare new incidents.
```

After you do that, go to **[Service Management > Incidents > Settings > Integrations][2]** to configure the Microsoft Teams features for Incident Management.

### Declaring and managing incidents in Microsoft Teams

To declare or manage an incident from a specific team:
* [Add the Datadog application][7] to the team.
* Add the **Datadog** tab to any channel in that team. 

> * From this tab, declare incidents and manage existing ones (for example, update fields, impacts, and responders). 

Author: I looked at the preview link and saw the formatting wasn't correct from the previous change. So I tried testing with bullets to see if that fixed the issue. Let me try a different way of formatting a number list.

> * From this tab, declare incidents and manage existing ones (for example, update fields, impacts, and responders). 

Reviewer: Ack. Thanks for the change! Approved :)
